###### 人工智能
* 通识课程
logic-introduction
https://www.coursera.org/learn/logic-introduction
Image and Video Processing: From Mars to Hollywood with a Stop at the Hospital
https://www.coursera.org/learn/image-processing

AI Product Management
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ai-product-management-duke
IBM AI Enterprise Workflow
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ibm-ai-workflow
Machine Learning Fundamentals 
https://www.edx.org/course/machine-learning-fundamentals-2?index=product&queryID=a0feccc95aefc8073742b79ec9bb05c5&position=16
吴恩达 Machine Learning Enineering for Production(MLOps)
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning-engineering-for-production-mlops

* 初级课程
Introduction to Machine Learning
https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-duke
吴恩达 machine learning yearning pdf
k-means 聚类
https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-science-k-means-clustering-python?
台湾国立大学 Artificial Intelligence - Learnig & Theory
https://www.coursera.org/learn/ai2
An Intuitive Introduction to Probability 概率论介绍
https://www.coursera.org/learn/introductiontoprobability
Probability and Statistics: To p or not to p?
https://www.coursera.org/learn/probability-statistics
Introduction to Computational Statistics for Data Scientists 专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/compstats
R 语言统计 专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/statistics1

Machine Learning Basics
https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-basics
Machine Learning With Python
https://www.edx.org/course/machine-learning-with-python-from-linear-models-to?index=product&queryID=a0feccc95aefc8073742b79ec9bb05c5&position=1
Practical Data Science with MATLAB专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/practical-data-science-matlab
Investment Management with Python and Machine Learning 专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/investment-management-python-machine-learning

Machine Learning: Theory and Hands-on Practice with Python专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learnin-theory-and-hands-on-practice-with-pythong-cu

社会科学的方法和统计专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/social-science
Data Science: Statistics and Machine Learning
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-science-statistics-machine-learning
Statistics with Python专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/statistics-with-python
概率图模型专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/probabilistic-graphical-models
Data Science Foundations: Statistical Inference专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/statistical-inference-for-data-science-applications


Data Science Math Skills
https://www.coursera.org/learn/datasciencemathskills
Improviang your statistical inferences 
https://www.coursera.org/learn/statistical-inferences
高等数学集合
https://space.bilibili.com/386629955/channel/seriesdetail?sid=640320
数学在机器学习领域的应用专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mathematics-machine-learning
上海交通大学离散数学
https://www.coursera.org/learn/discrete-mathematics
贝叶斯统计专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/bayesian-statistics
Investment Management with Python and Machine Learning专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/investment-management-python-machine-learning
google data analytics专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-data-analytics
Data Science Math Skills
https://www.coursera.org/learn/datasciencemathskills
Advanced Statistics fro Data Science专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-statistics-data-science

Python and Statistic for Financial Analysis
https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-statistics-financial-analysis
Advanced Statistics for Data Science专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-statistics-data-science
极客时间 人工智能基础课
https://time.geekbang.org/column/article/1340?cid=100003101
极客时间 机器学习40讲
https://time.geekbang.org/column/article/13213

Approximation Algorithms 优化算法
https://www.coursera.org/learn/approximation-algorithms







data science python专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-science-python
Emily Fox 机器学习专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning
IBM Machine Learning专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-machine-learning
吴恩达 斯坦福机器学习
https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning
Advanced Data Science With IBM专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-data-science-ibm
数学在机器学习领域的应用专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mathematics-machine-learning
IBM AI工程专业证书
https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ai-engineer


* 中级课程
CS50 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence with Python
https://www.edx.org/course/cs50s-introduction-to-artificial-intelligence-with-python?index=product&queryID=067c0a228cc8fadb2a32c7533ea161ee&position=4
Introduction to Machine Learning: Supervised Learning
https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-machine-learning-supervised-learning
machine learning with python
https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-with-python
Machine Learning for Trading专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning-trading
Machine Learning: Alogrithms in the Real World专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning-algorithms-real-world
Data Science: Statistics and Machine Learning专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-science-statistics-machine-learning
机器学习算法
https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-algorithms
Machine Learning and Reinforcement Learning in Finance专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning-reinforcement-finance
Advanced Data Science With IBM专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-data-science-ibm
慕课网 Python3机器学习经典算法与应用
https://coding.imooc.com/learn/list/169.html
强化学习专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/reinforcement-learning



林轩田机器学习基石上: machine learning foundations
https://www.coursera.org/learn/ntumlone-mathematicalfoundations

林轩田机器学习基石下: machine learning foundations
https://www.coursera.org/learn/ntumlone-algorithmicfoundations

林轩田机器学习技术, 机器学习基石的延申
https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-techniques



Developing Industrial Internet of Things专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/developing-industrial-iot

Computer Vision Basics 
https://www.coursera.org/learn/computer-vision-basics
Computer Vision With Embedded Machine Learning 
https://www.coursera.org/learn/computer-vision-with-embedded-machine-learning
Image Processing for Engineering and Science专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/image-processing
Image and Video Processing
https://www.coursera.org/learn/image-processing
数字图像和视频处理的基础
https://www.coursera.org/learn/digital
数字信号处理 专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/digital-signal-processing
First Principles of Computer Vision专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/firstprinciplesofcomputervision



Deep Learning Applications for Computer Vision
https://www.coursera.org/learn/deep-learning-computer-vision

推荐系统专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/recommender-systems

自然语言处理专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/natural-language-processing


* 高级课程
林轩田机器学习技术, 机器学习基石的延申
https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-techniques
吴恩达深度学习专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/deep-learning
自动驾驶汽车专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/self-driving-cars



* 实战课程

慕课网 个性化推荐算法实战
https://coding.imooc.com/learn/list/297.html
慕课网 Tensorflow实战
https://coding.imooc.com/learn/list/176.html
DeepLearning.AI TensorFlow Developer专业证书
https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/tensorflow-in-practice
Tensorflow In Practice
https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/tensorflow-in-practice
TensorFlow 2 for Deep Learning专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/tensorflow2-deeplearning
TensorFlow: Advanced Techniques专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/tensorflow-advanced-techniques

Advanced Machine Learning on Google Cloud专项课程
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-machine-learning-tensorflow-gcp

